Hey friends, we have a
new sponsor today, and I
want to make sure that
you support them because they
make Hansel minutes possible. Raven
DB, it's a document database
that's non-relational and fully transactional.
It's available for windows and
Linux with official client API
APIs for.net. The JVM go
Ruby, no JS and Python.
Raven DB is designed for
high performance handling tens of
thousands of requests, even on
a single node. Now, Raven
DB is capable of on
the fly optimization, dynamic indexes,
and much more. It has
a fully loaded gooey, which
means it's simpler to operate
and you don't need, you
know, arcane incantations on the
command line. It just works.
It's fast and it's right.
Download your free community edition@ravendb.net.
That's R a V E
N db.net. Hope you check
it out.  Hi, this
is Scott Hanselman. This is
another episode of Hansel minutes.
And today I'm talking with
dr. Nicole Forsgren. How are
you? I'm great. How are
you? Lovely. And I'm here
reading your report. You've just
released a report called accelerate
the state of dev ops
strategies for a new economy.
And you know, the first
thing that I see when
I scroll down and I
look at the bottom, there's
a series of sponsors. I
usually assume that a dev
ops or any kind of
a research document, like this
would be sponsored by someone
that's trying to sell me
their thing, but I see
Amazon and I see Azure
and Google cloud and a
bunch of other cloud people
that seems like a big
deal. I know. Right? So
the interesting thing, and the
really unique thing about this
report is that it's not
a vendor report, right? This
is not just a typical
vendor report. This is rigorous
research. It's like rigorous academic
level research. I used to
be a professor. I have
a PhD and it's vendor
and tool agnostic. You'll actually
notice several competitors on this
report. Like you note AWS
Azure, Google cloud is our
collaborator and our diamond sponsor.
And so as you kind
of scroll through the report,
as you probably also noticed,
it talks about capabilities, it
talks about practices. It talks
about strategies to drive high
performance. It doesn't ever talk
about a particular tool. It
doesn't talk about particular things
except a couple of places
where we might list like
an example, right? It talks
about ways to get better.
It's never trying to sell
you anything. When someone looks
at a report like this,
I think that we, as
the audience, we, as the
people who are listening, don't
really have a way to
judge whether a report is
good or not. We might
look at it and say,
well, this is well-designed or
this looks pretty, or, but
sometimes these reports can be
disguised. Like you say, as
a vendor, a vendor could
create it to try to
sell me something, but there
is a nontrivial amount of
research behind this, this isn't
opinion that we're looking at,
correct. Right. This is pretty
solid. So what we actually
do, this is a five
or six month process. And,
and again, right, as I
mentioned, this is academic research.
So the team behind this
is myself, Jess, humble, gene
Kim. And we actually roll
this into academic research. This
is published in peer review,
and we have also rolled
this. This is year five
for us. The core team,
the first four years of
research have also been published
in the book accelerate, in
addition to all of the
academic research that we've also
published. So Right. And accelerate,
we're going to have a
link to this, the science
behind DevOps with, as you
said yourself, as humble and
gene Kim published by it
revolution out of Portland, Oregon,
where I am. Yeah. So,
and I guess to answer,
you know, the, the second
half of what you're saying,
you're right. It can be
really difficult to kind of
figure out if someone's trying
to sell you something. Or
if it's real research, we
do our best to be
really clear about what it
is that we're asking, what
it is that we're doing.
We have a methods section
at the back of every
research report that we've put
out in the book. Part
two is all research, right?
Which is funny. Cause some
people say, Oh, I didn't
care about the research. I
just wanted to know what
to do. And some people
say, Oh, the findings are
nice, but I've read the
reports. I really, really loved
part two because it told
me exactly what to do
for survey methods or what
to do for system measures
or what methods you were
using it this morning. I
got a DM and Twitter
from someone saying, what clustering
analysis method did you use?
And why did you select
that one? And I need
to know how to dig
into this. So we really
do follow, you know, really
rigorous methods that are not
only rigorous, but methodologically appropriate
for the questions that we're
asking. So, so not to
put too fine, a point
on it. This is not
someone put out a survey
monkey and then went into
Excel and made some charts.
I'm looking at the end
here. And there is an
actual whole section of the
report that talks about your
statistical analysis methods, structural equation
modeling and extensive footnotes on
the research and the validation
guidelines. Right? And I love
that you point that out,
right? Structural equation modeling. We're
also very, very careful to
make explicit distinctions between what
things are summarization, right? Descriptive
analysis. So we have things
about demographics and firmographics. What
percentage of the industry responded
where we are very careful
to point out which things
are correlations, which things are
predictions, because we do take
this a step beyond just
correlation, which things can you
do that have been statistically
shown to drive performance improvements
across different areas of your
business. Oh, and by can
I like skip to a
spoiler? This is so my
favorite thing, can I just
like dig into it because
this is what so everyone's
like, Oh, but this isn't
going to work for me.
Right. Our analysis for the
last couple of years. And
in particular this year, I
went ahead and just dove
into it even harder this
year we found statistically industry
doesn't matter, right? In a
predictive way, there is no
statistical evidence to say that
industry matters. So if anyone
out there is saying, or
their management is saying, Oh,
well, this won't work for
us. These practices or principles,
whether you want to call
them digital transformation or DevOps
or agile, you know, it
won't work for us because
I work in highly regulated
fields. You know, I work
in finance. I work in
telecom. I work in healthcare.
This won't work for us
because we, we are highly
regulated. No, you know what?
I have data across. Well,
first of all, I have
over 30,000 data points around
the world in dozens of
industries. And I've run this
analysis and I did the
most rigorous statistical control methods
that I could do in
our predictive models. And there
was no statistical evidence that
it matters. And I didn't
even just group it into
highly regulated or nine highly
regulated because then someone could
come back and say, Oh,
but we're more special. Right?
We're more highly regulated. I
tested per industry. I tested
technology separately, financial services, separately,
government, separately, healthcare and pharma,
separately insurance separately, telecom separately.
There's no significance there. How
can we, as, as non
PhDs, except that stuff that
is intuitively correct is in
fact demonstrably wrong. Like I
used to work in banking
and I would tell you
that my gut says that
it's highly regulated environment and,
you know, velocity and those
things and matter. And these
things won't work for us.
And my wife works in
healthcare. But when you then
show the data that says,
it's not the case, why
do we think these things?
Why do we feel them
in our gut and then
find them not true? Well,
so it's really interesting, right?
It's so interesting. You say
that because so often people
will come back and they
will say, you know, it's
so great to see this
data because it helps me
confirm what I see and
what I know to be
true. And that'll have people
come back and they'll say,
Oh, this is so interesting
because it's the opposite of
what I see. Right? And
so sometimes people accuse me
of just doing confirmation bias,
but we see surprises come
up in the data, right?
Like we really follow the
classic scientific method. We generate
hypothesis first, right? Based on
industry experience, based on the
academic literature, based on a
lot of things that we
want to test. And then
we have like full rigorous
research design to figure out
what data we need to
collect in order to test
these hypotheses. And then we
go collect the data and
then I go through several
steps to kind of test
it. And then we do
test it. And so we
do have this situation where
sometimes these biases or pre
suppositions are confirmed and sometimes
they're totally flipped on their
head. Right? One of my
favorites is the idea that
speed and stability are a
trade off. Now, some people
have this firmly, firmly held
belief that in order to
be stable, we have to
slow down. We have to,
but there's another core set
of people that at least
for a decade now have
said, no, I really believe
in my heart that if
we go faster, we will
be more stable. So how
do, how do we reconcile
these two stories and how
can, how can two groups
of people believe something differently?
How can we have two
stories simultaneously? So one story
says, I have to slow
down to be safe and
to be stable. And, and
that story, that story makes
sense. Right? I can perceive,
I can envision a story
where slower releases are more
safe because I can check
it. I can test it.
I can reassure myself. Now,
there's also another story that
we can envision that says,
if I go faster, it's
safer and it's more stable
because going faster means slower
release, smaller releases. I mean,
write smaller bits, smaller risk,
right? I'm introducing smaller pieces
and smaller risks. So it's
actually more sustainable, but their
intention, these are opposite stories.
What we found over the
last five years is that
speed and stability move in
tandem. The highest performers get
both. There is no trade
off. Yeah. And you point
out here in the report
that this is not a
surprise this year, this is
five years in a row
that your cluster analysis has
shown the relationship between throughput
and stability. Right. And this
is something that we let
the data drive, right. We,
we did have this hypothesis,
well, an early on, right.
We're like, I wonder which
story is correct. Right. I
wonder, I genuinely am curious.
And it was funny because
you know, gene and jazz
would come in there. Like,
I, I think I know
what it is. And I'm
like, that's cool. I'm going
to let the data, tell
me Well, and speaking of
the data, you, you, you
point out the data, the
spread from the kind of
the elite people that have
their, their dev ops experience,
their CIC D kind of
really dialed in versus the
folks that are the, what
we would call the low
performers and no disrespect to
them. But we've all worked
there where, you know, FTP
every few months into production
is your deployment strategy. You
point out some pretty crazy
statistics. I just want to
read these really briefly, 46
times more frequent code deployments,
2,555 times faster lead time
from commit to deploy. That's
a, that's a number we
get to talk about. Yeah.
That makes me very uncomfortable.
That means that someone might
check something in, in January
and not see it in
production until March or July.
And the elite performance have
a much lower change rate.
They're less likely to fail.
Right. And now when we
think about that though, it's
because when you do introduce
code, you're introducing very, very
small pieces of code. So
that introduction is small. It
has a small blast radius.
Oh, that's what touches, right.
It touches much less of
your code base. When we
think about making a change
to code. Right. I mean,
I use, I was a
developer for a little while.
Right. We all think, Oh,
I'm going to introduce this
piece of code. How it's
not going to break anything.
Of course it always breaks
something. Right. If I introduce
a one line change, how
likely is that to break
something? It depends on the
line. It depends on the
line. Okay. But if I
introduce a hundred line or
a thousand line change, how
likely is that to break
something Well, and then that's
where you start getting into,
like you say, the blast
radius. I mean, you throw
a pebble into a problem
And how big is the
blast and how big is
the change and how big
is your downtime? So the
other thing that we discovered
this year, so we discovered
these elite performers that are
very much like the high
performers in previous years. Right?
They're optimizing speed and stability
because, Oh, Oh, I have
so many things I want
to talk about. So I'll
start with my high performers
and my elite performers, the
highest performers really are this
group that is optimizing on
speed and stability. They're what
we call high-performers in previous
years, right? They're this group
that is continuing to push
the bar. They're continuing to
move forward. They don't make
excuses. They're doing well. Year
over year, over year, we
have this high performance group
as well. Okay. They're 46%
of the market of the
industry, or sorry, 48%. I
love this because it's this
incredible signal that high performance
is available to everyone. We're
seeing this huge shift in
the industry that this is
achievable. It all comes down
to execution, right? Trent, you
actually have a, I'm looking
at the report right now
on page 20, you, you
are showing the performance metrics
over time, 2016, 2017, 2018.
And it's, it's accelerating that
movement. People are moving from
low to high to elite
are moving forward and becoming
better at this. And the
time to restore service and
incidents, their failure rates, these
things are changing. They are
failing fast and failing often,
and they're getting their sites
back up faster, Right? So
the high group is continuing
to grow. It's continuing to
improve. The elites are the
best are staying at the
top of their game. The
low performers though, are starting
to fall behind at increasingly
larger rates. Right? The change
failure rate is getting higher.
And we think it's because
of increasing complexity in our
systems, right? When you do
go down, you go down
hard, you the systems, or
is it the people in
their processes? It could be
some of both right. The
processes. Aren't great. We can't
keep up right. Our practices.
Aren't great. And so, and
when you combine those two
that's even harder, right? So
we discovered this additional group
at the bottom of this
low performance group, and we
called them misguided performers. And
at first I had to
convince my team a little
bit about why I wanted
to name them misguided because
they were like, Oh, that's
not very nice. And I'm
like, yeah, but that's why
it's kind of perfect. Right?
It's like, when you make
your mom mad, like there's
making your mom mad and
then there's disappointing your mom,
right. Don't disappoint. Like the
worst thing you can do.
So the misguided performance, let
me describe them again. This
is very, this is completely
data driven. Okay. And by
the way, I will point
out this is 5% of
our data. So this is
a nontrivial group, right? This
is a good, solid set
they're deploying between once every
six months. So their lead
time for changes is also
between once every six months.
So this like a reasonable
cadence right there, there's going
to be a whole bunch
of people out there probably
in highly regulated fields in
government. They're like, yeah, that
seems good. Their change failure
rate is actually better than
our lowest performers. When they
introduce a change to the
system, they only fail between
16 and 30% of the
time. So they're like sweet.
We're doing pretty well, probably
because they have instituted strong
policies and extra testing, extra
quality control, right? So like
I'm imagining this story. Not
even imagining. I work with
clients, I work with customers.
I work with organizations that
say, we're going to take
a slow and steady approach.
We have this cautious approach
to releasing software. It's slow,
but we have instituted so
many guardrails around it. Okay.
But when they go down,
they are deploying such large,
large pieces of software that
when they go down, they
go down hard. They're down
between one and six months.
And people look at me
and they make this face
like one in six months
to call you're crazy. Your
analysis is wrong. It's not
though, because think about healthcare.gov.
Think about Sony, right? Like
when Sony was hacked four
times in a row, right?
When they had security breaches,
customers might be able to
access the system between like
hours or days later. But
how long are we fixing
systems on the backend? Right?
We are having to fix
systems and infrastructure and restore
data for weeks or months.
This is a nontrivial problem.
So when you spend months
getting ready to release software,
as we just talked about,
you were releasing this huge
piece of change into the
system, that you can no
longer understand the implications of
Ish. When you said that
the things can go down
for that long. I just,
I went to, because I
would just assume that that
was an outlier. Like I
remember healthcare.gov. I remember Sony.
I remember the early, early
days of Xbox live, but
now we, as customers are
used to outages being a
couple of hours. I mean,
even, I think it was
get lab many, many, many
years ago, I think deleted
a production database. But even
that was still measured in,
you know, a day or
a day and a half
months seemed unconscionable. But I
mean, think of it. There
are still websites right now
that have planned outages for
a whole day on a
weekend. You mentioned that I
literally saw a tweet about
this. And someone said it's
2018. And my bank is
still down for like six
hours once a month. And
you're not getting five, nine,
six hours down a month.
Right. And those are planned
outages. What happens when you
have an unplanned outage? And
again, this is, this is
not customer facing downtime. This
is what happens when you're
down, something happens and you
have to go down. Yes,
the customers might be back
up in a day, but
how long does it take
the rest of the team
to pull your entirety of
your system and your infrastructure
and your data back online.
And, but, and, but still,
you would say that if
you were, if a seat,
if we could grab a
CPO for like a small
credit union and then just
drop them on this, this
podcast right now, they would
probably, you know, harrumph and
they would say, well, you
know, it's important to be
cautious, it's money. We're talking
about blah, blah, blah, highly
regulated, blah, blah, blah, safety
of the customer. Sure. Safety,
the customer. How much is
it costing you to be
down like this? Because also
when you're down, let's think
about risk exposure, security. And
if you can own there
to also relate to things
in here, if it takes
you months to get a
change through what happens to
your security posture, when you
need to get a patch
through compliance, update through a
security patch through, and it
takes you months to get
through. And then what's the
difference between your regular change
process and your emergency change
process? It's well, one thing
I might think about which
actually you touch on a
little bit in the report,
as well as the idea
of manual work versus automated
work, a lot of people
would argue that those downtimes
are, are a time for
manual tasks that require a
great deal of attention to
detail. Sure. And we all
know that manual work, particularly
in times of stress and
overwork and burnout is where
we tend to see more
mistakes happen and by no
fault of the people working.
So then you're only introducing
more risk and more error.
And by the way, the
thing I just mentioned when
we are introducing changes in
emergency situations, the emergency changes
that we're trying to introduce
into the system as quickly
as we can to recover
from failure. The big difference
there is we usually skip
testing, which is the time
that we should not be
skipping testing. Ooh, that's a
tough one. I've been in
the data center at the
bank when that happened. If
it's such a, okay, everyone
let's test, you know, Ooh,
that's tough, Right? I mean,
I've, I've been working on
systems that are down at
hospitals and were hours away
from evacuating and ICU. And
we're desperately trying to Institute
emergency changes. And right then
it's like, we have to
get this change and we
don't have time for tests.
And suddenly we're like, Oh
my gosh, we don't, we
don't have time for tests
like we're dear God and
heaven, please let this change
work. Right. A big thank
you to our sponsors because
they make the show possible.
And I hope that you
support them the way they
support us progress. Software is
the creator of the most
comprehensive developer toolkit for building
modern apps on the market.
Today Tellerik dev craft with
more than 1100 tellerik.net and
Kendo, UI JavaScript components and
controls. You can easily build
modern high-performance web mobile and
desktop apps, as well as
chatbots. The tool set also
includes reporting solutions, automated testing,
and productivity tools, and come
to the range of support
options. New this year is
a free online training program
for all license holders, with
this alongside thousands of demos
and source code available, comprehensive
documentation and a full assortment
of visual studio templates, you'll
be up and running with
the progress Tellerik and Kendo
UI controls in no time,
download a free 30 day
trial today at tellerik.com/hanselman that's
T E L E R
I k.com/hanselman. Your elites are
doing very little manual testing.
They're doing a lot less
manual testing than the highs
and the mediums. It's, it's
a very, an elite performer
and the dev ops space
is a very automated group
Or their aunt, or they're
doing it very strategically. They
have incredibly efficient test suites.
They have great parallelization so
that they can be very,
very strategic about exploratory testing,
manual testing, where it matters,
right, are low performers. And
especially our medium performers. If
you don't have those test
suites in place, you're then
having to do manual testing,
right? You're having to bang
on the system everywhere. But
if you have these incredible
test suites in place, that
by the way, have been
developed by developers and by
testers, because when developers help
write tests, we write better
and more testable code, right?
When we know that it's
going to need to be
tested, rewrite more testable code.
But if we have everyone
having to do all of
our tests manually, that's just
not scalable. And these are
best practices though. One of
the things that I feel
like people aren't recognizing is
that we are standing on
the shoulders of giants for
a reason, like a lot
of these things that people,
these characteristics of elite performers
are best practices. And the
people who are identifiably, demonstrably,
medium and low performers are,
are shunning best practices, right.
Explicitly, and, and they're paying
the price, Right. And you
know, it's not always their
fault or, you know, they're
just scrambling to try to
keep up. Yeah. You have
a quote here where you
say the teams that adopt
essential cloud characteristics are 23
times more likely to be
elite performers. What are cloud
characteristics and why is it,
You know, I love this
part of the report. So
I'm going to give a
tiny bit of context. I
so often when we do
this research and I, I
will point this out too.
We do point out that
to kind of work into
the section of the report.
We ask questions about where
people are. Are they in
the cloud? Are they not
in the cloud? And we
say, you know, the fact
that we, as an industry
are unclear about if we're
in the cloud or not
can explain why so many
reports and vendor reports don't
reflect our experience. And so
when we're doing research and
even internal to our own
organizations, when we're doing metrics
and monitoring and reporting, it's
so important to make sure
we have good, solid definitions
of what it is that
we think we're reporting on
and what it is we
think we're measuring. And so
one thing we did in
the report is I included
sort of a gotcha question.
Honestly, we started by asking
if people are in the
cloud, just a simple question,
right? If you're PR if
the primary service or application
that you're working on is
in the cloud, how much
do you agree with that
statement? And then we moved
on to a very solid
definition of what cloud computing
is. And we pulled that
from nest, right? National Institute
of standards, the technology, because
they have a definition of
what it actually means to
be doing cloud computing. And
it pulls down to five
essential characteristics. And so then
we asked people if they
do these five things for
the primary service or application
that they work on, and
only 22% of people who
previously said that they're working
in the cloud are actually
doing these five things. And
I think this helps illuminate
what's happening when people say,
well, you know, we moved
to the cloud, but we
don't see any of the
benefits that people say come
from the cloud. And we're
like, okay. Yeah, like you
can't just say you're in
the cloud and it doesn't
work. Right. I think Corey
Quinn had this hilarious tweet
the other day saying like,
you can't just like throw
a sticker on your data
center and say that you're
in the cloud now. So
these five characteristics of what
actually makes cloud computing or
this. So the first is
on demand, self service. You
can provision resources as needed
automatically without human interaction. Can
you, you can't put in
a ticket if you use
a ticket fail, sorry, love
you. Fail. Number, number two,
broad network access capabilities are
available through anything. Mobile phones,
tablets, laptops, workstations, right? Kate
broad network access. Number three
is resource pooling. Resources are
pooled in like a multitenant
model. Okay. So physical virtual
resources are dynamically assigned and
reassigned on demand. Number four,
rapid elasticity. So that most
people think about this when
we think about the cloud,
right? So we can think
about like bursting and stuff.
And then number five is
measured service. So here is
where our cloud systems can
kind of automatically control and
optimize resource use. And again,
this is where kind of
the bursting comes, right? And
the resource usage can be
monitored controlled and reported for
transparency. This, this one's also
really nice, right? Because of
the reporting aspect, The, the,
the, the elasticity aspect of
things. I love that word
in the context of the
cloud, the idea that, you
know, provision and release stuff
that I could that's scaling,
isn't a life event like
it used to be Right?
Oh yeah. I was. I
mean, I remember those days.
I love how you say
that it's not a life
event. I work@acompanycallediteighthundred.com. Like literally
it was eight zero, zero.com.
You probably should not go
there now because I have
no idea what's there, but
this was back in the
early days of the internet
when it was like everything
had three, three letter domains,
right? Like, Oh yeah. I
worked@eighthundreddotcomandiworkedatgear.com. When Nick, when you
could actually like, have that
idea for a noun and
use all the vowels and
consonants, you didn't have to
remove a vowel to be
creative. And I remember when
we, we went and sold
three DVDs for a dollar
that was our big black
Friday sale and scaling from
three machines to six, like
involved driving down to PC
micro center and getting the
machines and racking them. Like
it was rapid elasticity was
scaling in a week and
a half, two week period.
And it was extremely stressful
and it was, but it
was the way that we
did DevOps 20 years ago.
Oh yeah. Well, and back
then, it was much more
difficult, right? Like it was
a lot harder. We, we
didn't really have, you know,
distributed systems set up the
way we do now. I
mean, I used to work
in data centers. My first
job was on a mainframe.
So I, I mean, I,
I feel this, I was
working in labs. I was
laying cable. So The, the,
the report can be, can
be gotten online and I'm
gonna make sure that we
have a link to that
at cloud platform, online.com. And
there's a link to go
directly to that. I'll make
a little link and I'll
tweet about it as well.
But I also want to
point out there's even more
depth in the book, accelerate
the science behind dev ops.
It's like 200, 300 page
book. And you got some
praise from people that don't
typically praise books. You've got
common, Mary Poppins pick in
there. You've got Martin Fowler.
Why did this book like
land so well? Is it
because of the rigor of
the science behind it? I
think there's a few things,
right. I think the rigor
really helps because then it's
not just a bunch of
like, this is, I think
this is a good idea.
I think this is kind
of an opinion. I know.
Yeah. The rigor really convinced
Martin, you know, we've, he's
been following our work for
the last few years and
I will actually say he,
he was sort of a
big nudge in writing it.
I bumped into him at
a conference and he pulled
me aside and he said,
you've got to write this
book. And I'm like, dude,
I know. Right. I'm busy.
And he goes, no, if
you don't write it, I
will. I was like, Whoa,
what? So he was kidding.
I probably bumped into you.
And he's like, you need
to write this. And you're
like, dude, I know, I
don't know. He was so
funny. Well, and then I,
I told him later that
you know, his threat to
write the book and if
I didn't, he would, he
goes, I was kidding. And
I was like, well, it's
probably good. I didn't know
you were kidding because that's
what kicked my button to
get there. The case of
Sal, Ron has turned in
our direction. We'd better get
this book out before Fowler
writes it for us. Exactly.
So, and it's interesting because
that also made sure that
I had a really, really
solid section in the back.
So the interesting thing is
some people love the whole
book. Some people really love
part. So we have three
parts. Part. One is everything
that we have found. It's
so the, the findings, the
results, Right? What we found
the research and transformation. Yep.
The research and transformation part
two is the science behind
it. My nerd moment came
when my PhD advisor texted
me and she said, this
is like a beautiful take
on kind of an elegant
take on survey measures and
how to do them and
how to lay it out
the right way, but also
how it relates to a
few other people have actually
DMD me, which I think
I'm a little proud of
too, how to relate it
to system measures. So if
you're in an organization and
you want to capture measures
out of systems, cause that's
actually what I started from
doing like systems and log
analysis and how to think
about measures this way, how
to relate them and how
to measure things and how
to think about them and
put data together and analyze
it in a good holistic
way. Some people really love
that. Cause like they've read
the reports or they're like,
I already know what I'm
doing, but I need to
think about measurement in an
organization and communicating measurement. And
then part three is a
case study from ING. So
how to put all of
this into practice. And that
was actually contributed by Steve
bell and Karen Whitley bell. They
were very, very lovely and
gracious. They were early readers
to the book and they
said, you know, you really,
it might help people to
be able to visualize what
this looks like in practice.
And I said, you know,
my, I think I am
best served writing about the
science and I've, I've helped
organizations through this and we
were on a phone call
and they said, we'd be
willing to write it for
you. And I was like,
Oh my gosh, what? Yes.
Thank you. So yeah, it
was, it was fantastic. So
it was nice that it
kind of came together in
those three parts. Right? Yeah.
And some people love that
part the best because they
can see it and feel
it. And the way that,
that Steven care and have
written, it is really like
a day in the life.
It's walking through one on
one Point out also, just
as we close those podcast
here, that you would think
that a books with this
much work behind it, which
meant this much science would
be very expensive and you'd
be spending 50, 60 bucks
on it. But you can
go up on Amazon right
now. And the Kindle version
of this book is very
modestly priced or you can
get it in paperback. And
I think it's just a
fantastic resource. This is not
a pamphlet. This is 300
pages of really, really thoughtful
research by some experienced folks
in the space. And I
really appreciate you coming on
the show with me today.
Yeah. Thanks for having me.
It's been great to chat.
This has been another episode
of Hansel minutes and we'll
see you again next week.